Quote externalId and version when calling workflows.executions.run(...) (#1987)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [7.63.8] - 2024-10-22

Reviewer: In case you want to merge immediately 😉 
```suggestion
## [7.63.8] - 2024-10-21
```

### Fixed

> - Data Workflows: can now use a workflowExternal and/or version containing a `/` when calling `workflows.executions.run`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data Workflows: workflow external ID and version are now URL encoded to allow characters like `/`  when calling `workflows.executions.run`
```
